# Quick Report
Yesterday (which was Feb 12, 2024), I felt so alive and healthy. It was pretty great, really! However, a slight downside to being healthy is that I easily got aroused and turned on throughout the day. I essentially felt an insistent urge to *blow my load* all day! Eventually, last night, I finally cranked off, and one orgasm wasn't enough. I actually stayed hard and kept going until I had another orgasm. I've never felt so turned on before.

I could've just ignored the feeling, but it was quite intense. I really felt like I couldn't get it all out of me and like I will never run out of sexual energy. It's a crazy feeling. Today, I'm still getting aroused really easily. Other people aren't triggering me or anything, since I actually don't feel all that attracted to women right now. However, I keep getting aroused just by thinking about how much I like having my penis touched (by my own hands). I have this weird feeling like I just want to stroke it all day! Of course, I would never do that, because the skin wears down too quickly, and the nerves stop sending pleasurable signals, due to skin damage. Nonetheless, I really feel like cranking off. I can just ignore this feeling if I want to, it's not like it's bugging me ... but I still find it shocking.

I'm just so surprised that I have this energy inside me and that I'm able to channel it into my sex drive like this. I've never experienced it before. To be fair though, even though I'm tired because I didn't get a lot of sleep, but I have this energy in the back of my head. If I want, I can channel that energy into what I think is adrenaline. I can get myself excited or attentive and perform a high-level physical or mental task. As I said though: I am feeling sleepy. That means that I am yawning quite a bit.

Anyways, my point is that my body is weird. I should clarify that I usually can stay hard after an orgasm, for as long as I want too, *as long as I'm touching myself enough at least*. And yes, I have unintentionally tested this before. It does seem to take about 30 minutes for me to able to orgasm again, but I ***might*** be able to bring that number down if I arouse myself enough. It wouldn't be too easy though, and I usually don't *want* to orgasm more than once. Last night though, I felt like a *should*, almost like I **needed to** orgasm twice. I could've gone a 3rd time, but I was feeling sleepy. I should clarify, being sleepy doesn't affect my arousal level, my excitement, my passion, or my penis at all. However, being a rationally thinking being, I prioritize some sleep over the sexual pleasure, even though I am willing to sacrifice a certain amount of sleep most of the time.
